I felt the urge modric out I felt that I
would find more meaning if i had a way
to touch people in a way that would help
them and since i had these experience of
yoga felt in all this is an opportunity
for me to try and share this with and I
felt the most comfortable and the most
knowledgeable about this aspect of my
life more than any other aspect of my
life it's just comparatively this is the
area that I I fed have done the most
research in internally but I feel that I
can share effectively with people and
help them in whatever way that I can two
things I do towards that is I try to
keep the environment at some yama
varriya light and informal and easy for
people so latitude of
being thankful can happen at the same
time I keep it intense enough and every
day that it allows people to create
their own